## NIPS 2017 Latex Template

Check [here](https://nips.cc/Conferences/2017/PaperInformation/StyleFiles) for details.

**NOTE:** The LaTeX style for NIPS 2017 has changes from previous years. Please use the correct version!

Please read the general instructions for authors before writing your paper.

You should use the following files for your submission:

  * [nips_2017.tex](nips_2017.tex) -- LaTeX template.
  * [nips_2017.sty](nips_2017.sty) -- style file for LaTeX 2e Microsoft Word, RTF, and LaTeX 2.09 are no longer supported.
  * [nips_2017.pdf](nips_2017.pdf) -- PDF output generated by running “pdflatex”.

All NIPS submissions must be made via the [electronic submissions system](https://cmt.research.microsoft.com/NIPS2017/Default.aspx). Make sure that your paper prints well and consult section 6 in the example .tex file for information regarding fonts.  All submissions must be in PDF format. The maximum file size for submissions is 100MB. Papers are limited to eight pages, including figures and tables, in the NIPS style. Additional pages containing only cited references are allowed. Submissions  that do not follow these guidelines (in particular by exceeding the page limit or increasing the page size) will be rejected without review.

You are strongly encouraged to test the formatting of your paper using the [NIPS paper checker](http://machinelearning.wustl.edu/pub/NIPS2016/) (well in advance of the deadline due to server limitations).

### Reviewing will be double-blind

The reviewers will not know the identities of the authors. It is the responsibility of the authors to ensure the proper anonymization of their paper. Please note that display math in bare TeX commands will not create correct line numbers at submission time. Please use LaTeX commands for unnumbered display math (or, equivalently with AMSTeX).
(You shouldn't be using anyway, see [here](https://tex.stackexchange.com/questions/503/why-is-preferable-to) and [here](https://nips.cc/http://tex.stackexchange.com/questions/40492/what-are-the-differences-between-align-equation-and-displaymath).)

### Camera-ready papers

Please use the [nips_2017.tex](nips_2017.tex) latex template (which uses [nips_2017.sty](nips_2017.sty)) and compile with the `[final]` option:

`\usepackage[final]{nips_2017} % produce camera-ready copy`

Note that the `\nipsfinalcopy` command is now obsolete.

program-chairs@nips.cc
